Scott my leg man just killing me
what do they say you have fish
poison like a girl poison from
what cutting bait like some kind
of bacterial went and one of my
cuts i can't say i have to be
offered all three days i just
found out my doctor that my leg
is a little worse than I
anticipated
we're gonna be dr. a few days
this is not good for the heart
to know right now it hurts like
hell and I've been kidding me i
don't know what to do is coming
. com
Dave come here you doing here i
have no idea i wonder what he
wants
how we work with a little salt
about ask dave on the tuna.com i
know from years back but Dave
stops by it's not for being
cordial and saying hello
I know he's up to something up
DJ to happen and it's going on
he doing what he went before the
paint up David you got your fish
poison my leg man you really
think the doctors that you don't
want me walking on right now how
many days are gonna be a out for
at least three really and this
thing's ginormous come on check
it out here
absolutely if I'm worried about
anybody it's TJ and right now
he's ahead of us said some on
the boat I'm gonna see what he's
using I'm gonna see what kind of
like he's got what kind of hooks
he's using whatever i could use
to help me put fish on the deck
I'm gonna do this is it really
this is well that's likely that
that's sweet
wow you are part of the team
Sue's alternate VHF so you can
get the secret channels other
man i'm sitting right in a chair
the chartplotters here and i can
see exactly where he's fishing
i'm gonna take that information
so have I spied on TJ absolutely
doctor's orders 3 days orders
i'll be efficient that's great
yeah well appreciate that see
how is it thanks Dave definitely
got the eye of the tiger right
now he seems hungry obviously
right now knowing that we're
down he's got he's going to try
and take advantage of it you
know he could snoop around all
he wants but you know we're
going to definitely say 11
Dave now that I've seen TJ he's
down for the count
this is great information so
right now i'm going to
capitalize on that DJ stuff man
it's gonna be tough to beat this
little box and matter here
I know exactly where he's
fishing we're gonna have lines
in the water
he's not so we have that
advantage to go out and catch a
fish while he doesn't
let's see if we can get one fish
head today
no better yet you only think
with it over here we just
traveled over a hundred miles we
got a hot tip that the fish were
biting up the main we brought
the hard merchandise with us so
we can cover more ground you
been talking to some of my
friends I brought him into the
conversation on the radio and
now I've extended my network to
dave and introduced into some
mains finest fishermen the more
friends you have out here the
easier it is to fish all day
with this partnership Marciano
and I are unstoppable
no stretchy stretchy on now look
like a picture of seconds just
chunk going down just the chunks
on door oh yeah Dave what I
thought you said I to know it
wasn't going fishing
you're not doctor's orders 3
days at least get the blood off
us there and use it to help